When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
	  If you have multiple collaborators or you are working from a seperate computer, then using a remote repository is useful.
  
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	  When the remote repository might be inaccessible for some time due to faulty conections or other factors, the remote repo might be out    of sync with the local repo. So this might lead to future problems. So in such a case a manual sync might prove to be useful than auto sync. Also, if two developers are working on the same project, one's commit might disrupt the work of the other due to the files changing automatically without user intervention.



Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	
	Fork: This is a GitHub feature not a Git feature. Forks on GitHub allow you to clone someones GitHub repository from GitHub's servers to your GitHub profile as a new repository on GitHub's servers. From there you can clone the forked repository onto your own machine.

	Clone: This is a Git feature that allows you to create an exact copy of an existing repository. From the command line "git clone repositoryLocation" will clone the repository

	Branches: This is a Git feature in a given respository which allows you to deviate from the master branch.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	When collaborating there can be changes made to the remote repo that you do not have so being able to have a copy of the remote repo to compare to your local repo will allow you to add changes local that were made by collaborators.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Using a system like Dropbox or Google Docs would be an option because they contain some version of version control. It would be simpler process of simply saving a file but you dont have the ability to keep a working file that is unchanged while experimenting on seperate branches. 

	